# Simple banking API

This project is a simple banking API built with FastAPI. It supports operations such as creating accounts, depositing to and withdrawing from accounts, transferring funds between accounts, and checking account balances.

## Getting Started

These instructions will guide you through setting up and running the project locally on your machine for development and testing purposes.

Prerequisites
Python 3.6+
pip

## Setup and Installation

### Clone the Repository

First, clone the repository to your local machine:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/Massakera/simple-banking.git
cd src
```

### Create a Virtual Environment

Run the following command in the root directory of the project to create a virtual environment:

```bash
python3 -m venv venv
```

This command creates a directory named venv in your project directory, containing the virtual environment.

Activate the Virtual Environment

Before you install the dependencies and run the project, you need to activate the virtual environment:

```bash
source venv/bin/activate
```

After activation, your command line should indicate that the virtual environment is active by showing its name.

### Install Dependencies

With the virtual environment activated, install the project dependencies using pip:

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

This command installs all the necessary Python packages defined in requirements.txt.

### Running the Application

```bash
uvicorn app.main:app --reload
```

## Testing

To run the automated tests for this project, execute:

```bash
pytest
```

## API Endpoints

List the available API endpoints and their functionalities, for example:

- POST /event: Create an account or deposit/withdraw/transfer money.
- GET /balance?account_id=<account_id>: Get the balance of the specified account.

For detailed API documentation, visit http://localhost:8000/docs after starting the application, which provides Swagger UI documentation generated by FastAPI.